/**/

DOCUMENTATION FOR removeDuplicates.py

=====================================

removeDuplicates.py is a python file that is packaged to work with the
auto it script

that Daniel and Jie wrote to automate the process of collecting data
from the Wind Turbine,

saving this data, and combining it with past data already stored on the
computer that

receives this data. The auto it script runs at specified time intervals.
So our python

file removeDuplicates.py will also be run as many times as the auto it
script will be run

in a day.

 

HOW THE PYTHON FILE WORKS

=========================

The python file could either be run stand-alone. But by default, it's
run by the

auto-it script that collects and accumulates data from the wind turbine.

 

To run the script without using auto it, make sure that there is a file
in the current

directory called "Hourly Wind Turbine Data.txt." and another called
"current.txt".

Those two files are integral to the functioning of the script. If those
files are

absent in the current directory when you run the script, the python
shell will

spit out some errors (very unhelpful errors, too).

 

The file opens the already collated wind turbine file "Hourly Wind
Turbine Data.txt"

and the recently collected data from the turbine "current.txt". Assuming
that the auto it

script runs the python file and that the auto it script runs as it's
expected to,

then we are almost certain that both files will be in the same directory
as the

python file, removeDuplicates.py.

Thus, removeDuplicates.py, current.txt, and Hourly Wind Turbine Data.txt
should be

in the same directory as the auto it script, turbineinfo.au3.

 

FUNCTIONS

=========

dictPrint(values) --

Accepts a list of values

Prints a list of the key-value pairs in the dictionary in the value .i.e
value.value_dict

 

getFieldsWindTurbine(data_lines) --

Accepts a list of strings. Each string is a line in the pre-existing
wind turbine file

Returns a list containing all the headers. The headers are stripped of
any quotes.

 

getFieldsCurrent(first_data_line) --

Accepts a list of strings. Each string is a line in the pre-existing
just made turbine file

Returns a list containing all the headers. The headers are stripped of
any quotes.

 

printList(data_list) --

Helper function to print out the values in the list, data_list

 

getBeforeData(data_list) --

Returns a list of strings containing all the lines before the actual
tuples of data. It

includes the headers.

 

insertOnTopUniqueValue(current_values, turbine_values) --

Returns a list containing a union of the current_values and the
turbine_values. Both

current_values and turbine_values are list of Value objects. Before
returning the list

of values, all duplicates from the resulting list are removed.

 

getActData(data_list) --

Returns all the lines of strings after the headers in the file. So the
returned list

does not include the header.

 

giveMeLines(values) --

Returns a list containing the line (string) associated with each value.

 

 

 

CLASSES

=======

Value:

A value is a class to help us store information about a line in a data
file.

It has the following fields:

self.line_values -- stores a list of all the field values.

self.len_line_values -- stores the number of fields the data in
line_values represents

self.line -- stores the actual unexploded string of data associated with
a tuple in the

  data file

self.value_dict -- dictionary that maps all the fields in the data file
to value in the

   field values that the current object stores information about.

   


